README.md, before:

# Articuno [![Better Uptime Badge](https://betteruptime.com/status-badges/v1/monitor/c1yv.svg)](https://betteruptime.com/?utm_source=status_badge) [![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/4a61584b-76a5-4b28-9ec2-4ebad12be49f/project/c8e18506-9fbe-440b-955f-34219e1ecf5f.svg)](https://wakatime.com/badge/github/Jimmy-Blue/Articuno)
A fun Discord Bot, written with interactions.py.

![banner.png](./articuno_banner.png)

[![Invite link](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Articuno&message=Invite-to-server&color=6aa4c1&style=for-the-badge&logo=discord)](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=809084067446259722&permissions=2146958847&scope=bot%20applications.commands)


# Feature

Articuno is a multi-purpose Discord Bot that can do a wide variety of jobs, mostly with fun commands. It has a tag system (text) allows you to store and send multiple tags that suit with your server. Featuring an emoji management system, where you can steal and add emojis from other servers (Nitro or image url), remove and look up for the information about an emoji in your server. There is an image search command (powered by Google Images) allows you to look up for different images. Articuno also has a TTS command allows you to have a sentence spoken by different actors from Uberduck. Beside as a fun bot, Articuno also contains a moderation system with logging and a wide variety of msic commands to enhance your server experience.

## Highlight commands:

- ``/img``: Look up for images from Google Images.

- ``/tag``: A message tag system (view, create, edit, info, delete, list).

- ``/emoji``: An emoji management system (info, steal, add, remove).

- ``/tts``: Get the message spoken by a character.

- ``/mod``: Moderation commands (kick, ban, hackban, unban, timeout, untimeout).

- ``/snipe``: Want to see the most recent deleted message in the chat? /snipe

## Built in message log system and join/leave
Articuno has a built in log system for deleted message, user join/remove.

- For message logs: Name a channel with ``logs``. This will log crucial events, such as ban, timeout, deleted/edited messages, etc.

- For join/leave message: Channel with the name ``welcome-goodbye``. This will send an embed message whenever there is a new user who just recently joined the server or someone who just leave the server.

## Misc commands
Articuno has a good range of miscellaneous commands, such as ``amogus``, ``gay``, ``flip``, ``simpcard``, ``hug``, ``ship``, etc. You can have a look more at the bot command list after adding Articuno to your server.

## For Pokemon

- There is a ``/pokedex`` command so you can look up for information about a Pokemon. What is special about this Pokedex command compared to the others is a featured called auto-complete, so you can look up for information about your Pokemon easier.

- ``/who_is_that_pokemon`` The famous "Who's that Pokemon" game from the franchise.

- ``$<pokemon_name>`` Send a sprite of a Pokemon.

- ``$shiny <pokemon_name>`` Send a shiny sprite of a Pokemon.

# Contribution
Contribution is welcomed. However, we require you to follow our set of rules:
- Follow the repository schema. (Breaking it will result in your Pull Request get closed)
- PRs are enforced under black **black**, **flake8** and **Conventional Commits**.
- Must work with Python version requirement ``>=3.10.0, <3.11``.
- Breaking change/new feature implementation must be documented precisely.
- We do not accept abstraction-based requests. (e.g. ``colour`` for ``color``)
- You must be willing to change/adhere to reviews from participants where necessary. (Pull Request/Issues may be closed if we do not feel it is necessary to be added)

Commit message:

chore: Update bot to v5.0.1 (#35)
* chore: Author name B1ue-Dev

* perf: check __name__ == "__main__"

* chore: Update const.py

* feat: Remove hornycard and simpcard command

* fix: Startup message

* feat: Remove Flask server (as for now)

* chore: Update requirements.txt

* chore: Update README.md

* chore: Update Dockerfile

* chore: Update poetry.lock

* chore: Update pyproject.toml

---------

Signed-off-by: Blue <60958064+B1ue-Dev@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Articuno [![Better Uptime Badge](https://betteruptime.com/status-badges/v1/monitor/c1yv.svg)](https://betteruptime.com/?utm_source=status_badge) [![wakatime](https://wakatime.com/badge/user/4a61584b-76a5-4b28-9ec2-4ebad12be49f/project/c8e18506-9fbe-440b-955f-34219e1ecf5f.svg)](https://wakatime.com/badge/github/B1ue-Dev/Articuno)
A fun Discord Bot, written with interactions.py.

![banner.png](./articuno_banner.png)

[![Invite link](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Articuno&message=Invite-to-server&color=6aa4c1&style=for-the-badge&logo=discord)](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=809084067446259722&permissions=2146958847&scope=bot%20applications.commands)


# Feature

Articuno is a multi-purpose Discord Bot that can do a wide variety of jobs, mostly with fun commands. It has a tag system (text) allows you to store and send multiple tags that suit with your server. Featuring an emoji management system, where you can steal and add emojis from other servers (Nitro or image url), remove and look up for the information about an emoji in your server. There is an image search command (powered by Google Images) allows you to look up for different images. Articuno also has a TTS command allows you to have a sentence spoken by different actors from Uberduck. And, Articuno also does its job as a Pokemon named bot, by having a **must-have** ``/pokedex`` command and the famous game from the franchise, Who's that Pokemon. Beside as a fun bot, Articuno also contains a moderation system with logging and a wide variety of misc commands to enhance your server experience.

## Highlight commands:

- ``/img``: Look up for images from Google Images.

- ``/tag``: A message tag system (view, create, edit, info, delete, list). 📜

- ``/emoji``: An emoji management system (info, steal, add, remove). Those emojis from another look fancy, right? Add them to your own server with Articuno. 🏡

- ``/tts``: Get the message spoken by a character. Having a character speaking your sentence must be fun. 😎

- ``/mod``: Moderation commands (kick, ban, hackban, unban, timeout, untimeout). You want to keep your server clean and tidy with good members, right? 👮‍♂️

- ``/snipe``: Want to see the most recent deleted message in the chat? Articuno has you covered, *but in 2 minutes, he can't remember a lot*. 🤒

- ``/trivia``: A trivia game. See how much you know about this world. 🌐

- ``/truth_dare``: You all know the Truth n Dare game that you usually play with your friend group? Looking no more, as Articuno now simulate it on Discord. 👨‍👨‍👧‍👦

## Built in message log system and join/leave
Articuno has a built in log system for deleted message, user join/remove.

- For message logs: Name a channel with ``logs``. This will log crucial events, such as ban, timeout, deleted/edited messages, etc.

- For join/leave message: Channel with the name ``welcome-goodbye``. This will send an embed message whenever there is a new user who just recently joined the server or someone who just leave the server.

## Misc commands
Articuno has a good range of miscellaneous commands, such as ``amogus``, ``flip``, ``hug``, ``ship``, etc. You can have a look more at the bot command list after adding Articuno to your server.

## For Pokemon

- There is a ``/pokedex`` command so you can look up for information about a Pokemon. What is special about this Pokedex command compared to the others is a featured called auto-complete, so you can look up for information about your Pokemon easier.

- ``/who_is_that_pokemon`` The famous "Who's that Pokemon" game from the franchise.

- ``$<pokemon_name>`` Send a sprite of a Pokemon.

- ``$shiny <pokemon_name>`` Send a shiny sprite of a Pokemon.

# How to use Articuno

It is very simple. Just add him to your server, select a command from the Articuno list after typing the `/` symbol, read the command description and you are good to go.

Oh, and beside slash command, Articuno also has some commands that have prefixed message command support. (You may wonder what is a prefixed message command? Remember the old time when slash command wasn't a thing yet? You use bots with symbol and name like `$`, `.`, `h!`, `?`.)

Type `/help` to see a list of available slash commands.

Type `$help` to see a list of available prefixed message commands.

# Contribution
Contribution is welcomed. However, we require you to follow our set of rules:
- Follow the repository schema. (Breaking it will result in your Pull Request get closed)
- PRs are enforced under black **black**, **flake8** and **Conventional Commits**.
- Must work with Python version requirement ``>=3.10.0, <3.11``.
- Breaking change/new feature implementation must be documented precisely.
- We do not accept abstraction-based requests. (e.g. ``colour`` for ``color``)
- You must be willing to change/adhere to reviews from participants where necessary. (Pull Request/Issues may be closed if we do not feel it is necessary to be added)
